but
how wolves change rivers
he is one of the most exciting scientific
discoveries over the past half century of affection
detection of widespread
trophic cascades
trophic cascade environmental process
beginning at the top of the food now
descending to its very foundation
classic example is what happened in
Yellowstone National Park in the USA
when in 1995 wolves were brought back
there of course we all know that in
call different types of animals but that's what
not so well known is that
they give life to many other ass to
how wolves reappeared
since they were absent as much as 70 years
deer population due to the fact that they are
there was no one to hunt in the park
yellowstone grew and grew despite
all the efforts of people to control and they
managed to reduce the number
vegetation little land they
just plucked it cleaned but how
only wolves came despite their small
number
they began to render astounding
effects in the first place due to the fact that they
killed some deer
but it was not the most important world much
more they radically changed
deer behavior on giving has become
avoid certain areas of the park where
they could track down the easiest especially
hollow and tissen and immediately these places
began to recover in some
areas tree height increased in
five times in just six years
ruined slopes of hollows how fast
thickets of aspen and poplar forests
bags as soon as it happened became
populated by birds the number of choristers and
migratory birds and start abruptly
increase by the number of beavers became
grow up because beavers love flattery and
trees and both breaks and wolves are
the designer have and the systems they create
niches for other species
dams that they build in rivers
give home in the muskrat games and more
ducks fish
reptiles and amphibians dubovsky wolves
coyotes were killed and as a result began to grow
the number of rabbits and mice which meant
more hawks weasels foxes and
badgers
the crows and eagles descended to earth
to eat carrion left over
wolves bears ate it too
their population began to grow in part
the reason for this growth is that in growing
shrubs became more berries
press pro bears increased influence
the appearance of wolves due to the killing
some parts of deer
and here begins the most interesting
wolves changed smoke rarely grew in
America began to squirm eye became Alyosha
erosion just narrowed
formed more creeks on them became
more rapids all this
favorably affected the ranges of wild
of nature
way and the rivers changed in response to
the appearance of wolves and the reason was
that the regenerating forests strengthened
shores reducing their shedding so
way the river beds became more
constant in a similar way this
affected the ravines forcing out the deer
from some places they gave
vegetation on the slopes of hollows where too
there was soil erosion recover and so
a small number of wolves transformed
the floor is not only national ecosystems
yellowstone park this huge
land territory but also
transformed and and physical
geography
video voiced by Ekaterina Yuriev group
translators of educational films
at